Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Which methods did you decide to `overload`, and why?
I decided to overload the House class contructor to include a parameter for wall color for those who care about the color of their house. I overloaded the House class constructor to include a parameter for number of residents for those who care about the size of their house community. I overloaded the Library class constructor to include a parameter for ratings to show how highly rated a particular library is. I overloaded the Library class constructor to include a parameter for whether it's pet-friendly so pet-owners can take that into account when deciding to go to a library. I overloaded the Cafe class constructor to include a parameter for whether there is outdoor seating for those who have a preference between indoor and outdoor seating. Lastly, I decided to overload the sellCoffee() method in the Cafe class in order to allow customers to order coffee in ounces—-an integer—-or to order a pre-determined size (small, medium, or large)--a String.
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?
All the coding went pretty smoothly, and I found it very satisfying to overload methods. I struggled to understand some of the intructions because sometimes the README.md and the rubric.md had slight differences, so I interpretted them to the best of my ability. For future students, I would reccommend having fun and getting creative with this assignment!
